devlog.md, before:

Hello! I just implemented a few features, updates, and elevated my website's interactivity:

In the #about section, I added interactive images of the programming languages I am comfortable using to enhance user interactivity.

In the #achievements section, I added a table of contents for my achievements timeline, experiences timeline, education timeline, and testimonials. When a user clicks on the buttons, the website "scrolls" down smoothly to their desired section. During this process, I also added a testimonial from my YAC experience (Youth Action Committee of Richmond Hill) and updated some of my achievements.

In my #blog, I added an easter egg that rewards people who have visited all the pages of my website and read my blog. The user is presented with an interactive game, Desert Dunes, which I created myself in Godot. The itch game is linked using a direct display and indirect widget. Previously, the itch iframe caused the user to be directed to the game immediately after loading the blog, but I was able to fix this problem with a few styling changes. In addition, I added a new blog post that shows instagraméyoutube features of me or my projects (the post is still in progress and will be updated).

In the #about section, I also added a NOW page to showcase what I am doing/learning/interested in currently regarding STEM, Blogging, and Athletics.

I attached a colourful image showing all of my changes!

Commit message:

about languages + contact spinner
also fixed a bug with contact spinner causing the page to redirect to a new html page (had to add a button html selector)

devlog.md, after:

# 1
Hello! I just implemented a few features, updates, and elevated my website's interactivity:

In the #about section, I added interactive images of the programming languages I am comfortable using to enhance user interactivity.

In the #achievements section, I added a table of contents for my achievements timeline, experiences timeline, education timeline, and testimonials. When a user clicks on the buttons, the website "scrolls" down smoothly to their desired section. During this process, I also added a testimonial from my YAC experience (Youth Action Committee of Richmond Hill) and updated some of my achievements.

In my #blog, I added an easter egg that rewards people who have visited all the pages of my website and read my blog. The user is presented with an interactive game, Desert Dunes, which I created myself in Godot. The itch game is linked using a direct display and indirect widget. Previously, the itch iframe caused the user to be directed to the game immediately after loading the blog, but I was able to fix this problem with a few styling changes. In addition, I added a new blog post that shows instagraméyoutube features of me or my projects (the post is still in progress and will be updated).

In the #about section, I also added a NOW page to showcase what I am doing/learning/interested in currently regarding STEM, Blogging, and Athletics.

In the #projects page, I fixed a bug as one of my images which wasn't showing on the website.

I have attached a colourful image showing all of my changes!

# 2

Hey! Today I made a couple of small updates :)

In the #about section, I added my languages (not programming languages, spoken languages) and details on my fluency. I also added a skill bar that showed the percentage of mastery for each language in order to contribute to user interactivity.

In the #contact section, I added a tiny spinner to further improve user interactivity! I used html, css, and javascript to animate it.

Attached is proof of my updates!
